c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersonExhibition\Azure Function Twitter\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.deps.json
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersonExhibition\Azure Function Twitter\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersonExhibition\Azure Function Twitter\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersonExhibition\Azure Function Twitter\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.dll
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersonExhibition\Azure Function Twitter\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.pdb
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersonExhibition\Azure Function Twitter\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersonExhibition\Azure Function Twitter\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersonExhibition\Azure Function Twitter\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersonExhibition\Azure Function Twitter\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.dll
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersonExhibition\Azure Function Twitter\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.pdb
C:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.deps.json
C:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.pdb
C:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.dll
C:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.pdb
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\Azure Function Twitter\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.deps.json
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\Azure Function Twitter\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\Azure Function Twitter\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\Azure Function Twitter\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.dll
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\Azure Function Twitter\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.pdb
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\Azure Function Twitter\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\Azure Function Twitter\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\Azure Function Twitter\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\Azure Function Twitter\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.dll
c:\Users\jaearle\Documents\Code\PetersenExhibitionClassifier\Azure Function Twitter\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Azure Function Twitter.pdb
